TODO.md, before:

# To do list:

[ ] [Improve autocompletion support](https://github.com/atom/autocomplete-plus/wiki/SymbolProvider-Config-API)

[ ] how should prefixes be colored? 
    - Should prefixes only be colored at the beginning of the line? I.e. \n\s*[prefix]. Mauricio uses "capture" as an option to some of his functions
[ ] "if" is currently colored everywhere, even in a macro. Do you want `if' colored pink when it's often a part of the syntax command.
[ ] What are limits on function names? Use in program drop ... block to alert when illegal.
[ ] Color general commands
    - In something like "label var ..." what should be colored?
    - What about "merge ... using"?
[ ] Python colors brackets and parentheses sometimes but not other times...
    - See screenshot to see how python does it.
    - Colors them when part of a function call. Doesn't color them when not inside a function's ()
[ ] Why does reshape long color long? (Same with str)
    - It's considered support.type.stata
[ ] Put an option in the settings as for whether to color locals and macros inside quotes
[/] Change acceptable variable names to include macro identifiers
    - local test = blah; gen di`test' = 2; that is acceptable and gives a variable name of diblah
    - half done; long names that are over 32 chars but have `' or $ in it are not flagged

[ ] Remove

[ ] Get all option possibilities; put all of them in like "options.builtin.stata"?
[ ] get all command names, put them in 'commands.builtin.stata'...





Completed:
[/] color regular expressions
[/] Maybe look in material ui syntax package to see all the names that they give a color to
    - The names are listed in grammars/names_python.txt and grammars/names_regexp.txt
[/] Color brackets that subset, like [_N] or [_n]
[/] Why is TODO colored... everwhere?
    - The [language-todo](https://github.com/atom/language-todo) package; installed by default.
[/] Add support for ligatures. See here: <https://github.com/JuliaEditorSupport/atom-language-julia/issues/49>
[/] Globals and locals
    - Should they be the same color as types?
    - Outer symbol is colored
    - Colored in strings
[/] Figure out why "meta.function-call.python" is colored in python but "meta.function-call.stata" isn't colored in stata.
    - Because there's a special python.less file in the atom-material-syntax package that colors those
[/] Correct function names with global variables as arguments, like mi(${global}) (also correct regexm())
[/] In Python, if I go to the argument of a function call and look at its scope, it's "meta.function-call.python"; but if I use that for Stata: "meta.function-call.stata", it's not colored!
    - This is because there's a special python.less file in the material syntax theme

Commit message:

Add default support for local macro tick matching.

TODO.md, after:

# To do list:

[ ] [Improve autocompletion support](https://github.com/atom/autocomplete-plus/wiki/SymbolProvider-Config-API)
[ ] Highlight commas in function calls
[ ] Color the . as a system constant. It's basically NA. Any situations where . is used outside strings to not mean NA?

[ ] how should prefixes be colored? 
    - Should prefixes only be colored at the beginning of the line? I.e. \n\s*[prefix]. Mauricio uses "capture" as an option to some of his functions
[ ] "if" is currently colored everywhere, even in a macro. Do you want `if' colored pink when it's often a part of the syntax command.
[ ] What are limits on function names? Use in program drop ... block to alert when illegal.
[ ] Color general commands
    - In something like "label var ..." what should be colored?
    - What about "merge ... using"?
[ ] Put an option in the settings as for whether to color locals and macros inside quotes
[/] Change acceptable variable names to include macro identifiers
    - local test = blah; gen di`test' = 2; that is acceptable and gives a variable name of diblah
    - half done; long names that are over 32 chars but have `' or $ in it are not flagged

[ ] Get all option possibilities; put all of them in like "options.builtin.stata"?
[ ] get all command names, put them in 'commands.builtin.stata'...





Completed:
[/] color regular expressions
[/] Maybe look in material ui syntax package to see all the names that they give a color to
    - The names are listed in grammars/names_python.txt and grammars/names_regexp.txt
[/] Color brackets that subset, like [_N] or [_n]
[/] Why is TODO colored... everwhere?
    - The [language-todo](https://github.com/atom/language-todo) package; installed by default.
[/] Add support for ligatures. See here: <https://github.com/JuliaEditorSupport/atom-language-julia/issues/49>
[/] Globals and locals
    - Should they be the same color as types?
    - Outer symbol is colored
    - Colored in strings
[/] Figure out why "meta.function-call.python" is colored in python but "meta.function-call.stata" isn't colored in stata.
    - Because there's a special python.less file in the atom-material-syntax package that colors those
[/] Correct function names with global variables as arguments, like mi(${global}) (also correct regexm())
[/] In Python, if I go to the argument of a function call and look at its scope, it's "meta.function-call.python"; but if I use that for Stata: "meta.function-call.stata", it's not colored!
    - This is because there's a special python.less file in the material syntax theme
